# options

OPTIONS/libkerncpp					optional libkerncpp
OPTIONS/kdebug						optional kdebug
OPTIONS/gprof						optional gprof
OPTIONS/config_dtrace					optional config_dtrace
OPTIONS/hibernation					optional hibernation
OPTIONS/iotracking					optional iotracking
OPTIONS/networking					optional networking
OPTIONS/crypto						optional crypto
OPTIONS/zlib						optional zlib

# libkern

libkern/gen/OSAtomicOperations.c			standard
libkern/gen/OSDebug.cpp					standard

libkern/c++/OSMetaClass.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSObject.cpp				optional libkerncpp

libkern/c++/OSArray.cpp					optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSBoolean.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSCollection.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSCollectionIterator.cpp			optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSData.cpp					optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSDictionary.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSIterator.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSKext.cpp					optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSNumber.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSOrderedSet.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSRuntime.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSRuntimeSupport.c				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSSerialize.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSSet.cpp					optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSString.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSSymbol.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSUnserialize.cpp				optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSUnserializeXML.cpp			optional libkerncpp
libkern/c++/OSSerializeBinary.cpp			optional libkerncpp

libkern/OSKextLib.cpp					optional libkerncpp
libkern/mkext.c						standard
libkern/OSKextVersion.c					standard

libkern/net/inet_aton.c					standard
libkern/net/inet_ntoa.c					standard
libkern/net/inet_ntop.c					standard
libkern/net/inet_pton.c					standard

libkern/stdio/scanf.c					standard

libkern/uuid/uuid.c					standard

libkern/kernel_mach_header.c                            standard

libkern/zlib/adler32.c                                  optional zlib
libkern/zlib/compress.c                                 optional zlib
libkern/zlib/crc32.c                                    optional zlib
libkern/zlib/deflate.c                                  optional zlib
#libkern/zlib/gzio.c            not needed for kernel   optional zlib
libkern/zlib/infback.c                                  optional zlib
libkern/zlib/inffast.c                                  optional zlib
libkern/zlib/inflate.c                                  optional zlib
libkern/zlib/inftrees.c                                 optional zlib
libkern/zlib/trees.c                                    optional zlib
libkern/zlib/uncompr.c                                  optional zlib
libkern/zlib/zutil.c                                    optional zlib

libkern/crypto/sha1.c					optional crypto
libkern/crypto/sha1edp.s				optional crypto
libkern/crypto/md5.c					optional crypto
libkern/crypto/aes/AES.s				optional crypto
libkern/crypto/aes/aes_modes_asm.s		optional crypto
libkern/crypto/aes/aes_modes_hw.s		optional crypto
libkern/crypto/aes/aes_key_hw.s			optional crypto
libkern/crypto/aes/aes_crypt_hw.s		optional crypto
libkern/crypto/aes/aesxts_asm.s			optional crypto
libkern/crypto/aes/aesxts.c				optional crypto
libkern/crypto/aes/gcm.c				optional crypto
libkern/crypto/des/des.c				optional crypto
libkern/crypto/sha2/sha2.c				optional crypto_sha2
libkern/crypto/sha2/sha256.s			optional crypto_sha2
libkern/crypto/sha2/sha256nossse3.s		optional crypto_sha2

libkern/stack_protector.c       standard

libkern/kxld/kxld.c             optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_array.c       optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_copyright.c   optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_demangle.c    optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_dict.c        optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_kext.c        optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_reloc.c       optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_object.c      optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_sect.c        optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_seg.c         optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_srcversion.c  optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_sym.c         optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_symtab.c      optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_util.c        optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_uuid.c        optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_versionmin.c  optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_vtable.c      optional config_kxld
libkern/kxld/kxld_stubs.c       standard
